Add documentation for the ecFlow tool. (#888)
ufs-community/uwtools: docs/sections/user_guide/yaml/ecflow.rst

.. _ecflow_workflows:

ecFlow Workflows
================

:ecflow:`ecFlow<>` is a workflow manager used by :ufs:`UFS<>` users and developers. It defines workflows as suites of tasks with dependencies, resource requirements, and scheduling logic. ecFlow uses a suite definition file (``suite.def``) to describe the workflow, and ecf scripts (``*.ecf``) to carry out individual tasks.

> The ``uw ecflow`` tool defines a UW YAML language that can be easily manipulated like any other key/value configuration file and translates it into the artifacts required by ecFlow: a suite definition file and, optionally, a set of ecf scripts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``uw ecflow`` tool defines a UW YAML language that can be easily manipulated like any other key/value configuration file and translated into the artifacts required by ecFlow: a suite definition file and, optionally, a set of ecf scripts.
```

``suites_<name>:`` -- An expand block for generating multiple suites from a parameterized template. See `Expand Blocks`_.

Suite and Node Structure
------------------------

Suites, families, and tasks are defined as nested YAML blocks. Keys are prefixed with ``suite_``, ``family_``, or ``task_`` to indicate their type; the remainder of the key is used as the node name.

.. code-block:: yaml

   ecflow:
     suite_forecast:
       family_prep:
         task_get_obs:
           trigger: "1==1"
           script:
             execution:
               executable: uw fs get_obs.yaml
               jobcmd: /path/to/run_get_obs.sh
             manual: Retrieve observation data
       task_run_model:
         trigger: /forecast/prep/get_obs == complete
         script:
           execution:
             executable: model.exe
             jobcmd: /path/to/run_model.sh
           manual: Run the forecast model

This example defines a suite ``forecast`` containing a family ``prep`` with task ``get_obs``, and a top-level task ``run_model``.

> 

Reviewer 2: Here maybe add:

```
.. important::
   **Task Naming Convention**: Task keys must follow the pattern ``task_<name>``. When ``.ecf`` scripts are generated (via ``--scripts-path``), only the ``<name>`` portion becomes the script filename.
   
   Examples:
   
   - ``task_get_obs`` → ``get_obs.ecf``
   - ``task_run_model`` → ``run_model.ecf``
   - ``task_process_output_files`` → ``process_output_files.ecf``
```
